# AI-Ym Data Annotation for hand key points and Transcripts.

## A fully done task written using MediaPipe and Whisper. 

* Explanation of the folder and its inside directories.

csv's folder contain .csv files that include key hand-points and classes of each key hand-points. It may be used for training/testing.

elarna is completely new folder that i created for strictly elarna videos and key-points that are generated by MediaPipe. Inside elarna, you can skip elarna_landmarks.duckdb, as it was used for gpu optimization and nothing else inside it. elarna_landmarks.parquet folder includes parquets and inside those parquets are key hand-points of each video in elarna_transcripts_sorted_2020_2021. Hand-points are generated frame by frame. However, if you noticed, some frames are still missed or skipped. This is because the MediaPipe could not detect any hand-points in the frames, even though the confidence level is very low (0.05). The problem can be skipped since it has a lot of parquets and still be good for training/testing. If you want to find solution for this, it is better to use original videos of those frames (not cropped or resized) or use another better framework that is faster and confident to find key-points.

KRSL_OnlineSchool is the folder that includes everything that elarna has and also transcripts and surdobot video base. Could be useful as it has key-points of surdobot video base (for training) or you can still work with elarna folder. The key-points are in hs_labeled.

spreadthesign_hs has some handshapes from the spreadthesign website. Can be very useful in training, contains parquets and csvs.

texts - contains transcripts of surdobot video base.
videos - contains the surdobot transcripts. 
Inside test, the test folder contains frames with hand-points. Just for visualization.